fix(bautajs-fastify): bump fastify (#43)
axa-group/bauta.js: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

> Changes and fixes are documented in the [bauta.js releases page](https://github.com/axa-group/bauta.js/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: This CHANGELOG.md file is decommissioned and not maintained anymore. For checking the release notes of Bauta.js, please see the [Bauta.js releases page](https://github.com/axa-group/bauta.js/releases).
```
